Here's an example spreadsheet with some metadata for a website WeCart.
So, it looks like at WeCart we created ads and marketed them on Facebook,
Google Search, and Google Display.
To calculate the click-through rate or CTR,
we include formula in this column for CTR.
I've placed the equation here so you can see what I'm doing.
I'm going to put it in the first cell.
So, this will be number of clicks over the number of
impressions or the number of people who saw this times a 100.
That gives us the rate in percentage.
You copy down the formula and I'm going to just reduce the number
of decimals to make it consistent and there we have it.
In general, a two percent CTR is good but the average ranging from
1.9 2.35 but it varies widely by industry.
Check out the ad resources below to compare average CTR across industries.